17. 다음 빈칸에 공동으로 들어갈 말로 가장 알맞은 ALT
a)

19. 다음 글의 내용과 aR AWS (보기)에서 있는 때로 고른
et (GD

Flooding happens during heavy rains, when|
rivers overflow, when ocean waves come on shore,
when snow melts too fast or when dams or levees
break. Flooding may be only a few inches of water
or it may cover a house to the rooftop. Flooding is
the most common of all natural

In many areas of the country. winters bring
heavy snowfall and very cold temperatures. 80,
natural        occur across different time and
area, Heavy snow can block roads and cause
power lines to fall down, The cold temperatures

[can be dangerous if you are not dressed correctly. |
© chemicals @ materials      © obstacles
@enemies —@ hazards

18. 다음 $9 내용과 Uae) 않는 것은? Ga)

When | was 10 elementary school, 1 got into @
major argument with @ boy in my class. 1 have
forgotten what the argument was about, but 1|
have never forgotten the lesson I learned that |
day. 1 was convinced that 1 was right and he was |
wrong and he was just as convinced that 1 va |
‘wrong and he was right. The teacher brought us |
up to the front of the class and placed him on one |
side of her desk and me on the other. In the]
middle of her desk was a large round object.
could clearly see that it was black. She asked the
boy what color the object was. “White.” he |
answered. 1 couldn't believe he said the object |
was white, when it was obviously black. The |
teacher told us to change places, so 1 stood where |
the boy had been standing. Then she asked me|
what color the object was. I had 10 answer,
“White” 1: was an object with two differently
colored sides, and from my new viewpoint it was
{wie

© There was an argument between the writer
and the writer's classmate when they were in
elementary school

@ The writer had an argument with
about the desk.

® The writer remembers the lesson the writer
learned from the argument in elementary
school

@ From where the writer first. stood
looked black,

® The object on the teacher's desk was painted
in a different color on each side

the teacher

the object

Learning about ancient people is like solving a
puzzle, But there is an excellent way to solve
Bones provide the answer.

While you're alive. your bones are alive, too.
Blood runs through them. They have their own
nerves, and they grow, change shape, and absorb
chemicals just like the rest of your body. After
death, the flesh rots away, but the hard bones
remain sources of information,

By analyzing human bones, researchers can
discover a dead person's gender, race, and the
height. They can see how old the person was at
death. They can even tell how many children a
woman had. By looking at people's bones and
‘teeth, they can also tell whether they had certain
diseases. By grinding up small pieces of bone,
they can find out what kind of food the person
ate. By examining the shape and weight of|
certain bones, they can see which muscles were
‘used, That gives them clues as to what kind of
work a person might have done.

<보키>

‘The text mainly talks about the effects of|
different lifestyles on people's bone structures,
Bones can give us the answer to the question
“How tall was the dead person before he or
she died”

Human bones can show us what kind of|
personalities a dead person had

ry

@

(D) We can find out whether a dead woman was
‘a mother or not by examining bones.

(8) Bones cannot. provide us with any
information about health problems a dead
person had.

® ®), 미

2 (0). (B

(A), 00. 00

aw.©.®

©). 이. (Di

29-B0-4/5
