12. WE 천 (0~(8) GE 것은? AD)

(The Tree - Book~Tree Project)

‘This is the most amazing book that I have ever
seen. (A)After vou finish to read this book. plant
t_and water it, (B)You will see new leaves to
‘arow_on the book. In some bookstores in my town,
you can see a copy of this book producing new
leaves. The secret is that the book has seeds in
each page. It is these tiny seeds that change the
bbook into a tree. (C)This book made by a smal
‘children’s book publisher in Argentina. Though the
company does not print this book anymore
(D)this_special project makes us_to think about
‘where books come from, ‘These are just a few of
the unique books you can find. What other unique
books do you want to make? What special project
would you like to do with the books? (6186 your
{imagination is bizger. vour books will become more
wonderful.

20 ew

ow

eB)

19. 다음 89) (A)~(D)E 바르게 배열한 것은? (BAL

Can you imagine 02 tree that talks? Of course,
tno tree moves lips or says words, Strange as it
ie.

‘may sound, some trees do manage to comm

(A) Knowing that harmful insects are nearby.

they quickly make a certain chemical in
their leaves,

(B) Then, other willow trees in the area catch
this smell

(C) This chemical drives the inseets away from
the willow trees,

(D) For instance, a willow tree sends out a
special smell when it is attacked by insects,

In the same way, poplars send out a warning
smell to their fellow trees when they are invaded
by caterpillars. Then, the trees that receive the
signal give out disgusting chemicals to drive away
the insects. So for some trees, their smell acts as,
8 good means of communication as well as defense
against their enemies.

114

OW-@-@- 끼
호 09 - 00) - 0) - (이
헤미 - 60 - 61 - 08)
©D-®-W-©
8M-@-W-@)

160 ~(8) 중 다음 Bae] Sele 위치로 가장 적절한 곳은?

0900

So he built a high wall all round it, and put up
2 notice board

Every afternoon, as they were coming from
school, the children used to go and play in the
Giant's garden. One day the Giant came back.
(A) When he arrived, he saw the children
playing in the garden,( B )"What are you doing
hore?” he cried in a very gruff voice, and the
children ran away. ( 0 ) “My own garden is my
‘own garden,” said the Giant “I will allow nobody
to play in it but myself." ( D ) It said, “Keep out
of my garden and you cantt play in here.” ( E )
He was a very selfish Giant.

ow 28 a0

aw

oH

(15-16) 다음 글을 이고 ERA 답하시오.

A girl found an old book on a park bench
yesterday. A note on the cover read, “Free Book!
‘Take me home and read me!” Actually, the book
had an ID number and was rogisterod on a
website, When She entered the number online,
she found out that the book had traveled to many
countries and that a number of readers in
different countries had road it before her.
(A) How was that possible? (B) First, register
‘your book online and get an ID number. (C) Next,
leave it in a public place, 00) When the next
reader finds your book and reports back to the
website, you can check where your book is. (B)
‘This way, the whole world can become a big
library. The more books we share, the more we
learn,

15. (4 ~(8) 중 다음 문장이 들어잘 위치로 가장 적절한 곳은?

oa
‘There is a book-sharing project. 000 |
ow 88 80 2M oH

16. 위 글을 읽고 ANE 할 수 ale aE

@Where did the girl find the old book?

@ What was the message on a note on the book

@ What was the ID number on the book?

@ When she entered the ID number online, what
did she find out?

© Where should we leave our book after registration?

B9-B01-3/5,
